## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-xBsHBR6BS/LSlO3cOyY2D/4KkmaHjlNn3NnXUMFFc14HLZD7vwVgS3+6U/WkHAra"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-0OZaeLK1yb5eP3nW4y0JP1fVharSrsuv/1mkI/6/8aRFm9laYIWIMXjCOqu+vRW5 /es/languages/c.js
sha384-G7WtwjMBNGrPly3ZsbPhfnT0v88hG3Ea9fQhrSWfzj7cNAsXsU7EKMQLyLGj7vTH /es/languages/c.min.js
sha384-Wjwd1YEG/PYlkLHTWIx+RlPK6XboMN3bEpveERJ8D8Z4RaNE02Ho19ZFrSRPGi0j /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-Q4zTNH8WsDVdSZbiZtzWS1HmAUcvMSdTmth9Uqgfjmx7Qzw6B8E3lC9ieUbE/9u4 /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-WFJdA9Hz+G9NQx5vPba/tcGyIibm57UkKVY32wNB/94iT2FmPma5W7gY8p2l6qps /es/languages/java.js
sha384-coaxfgI2lKuDqSxfMlfyPq5WM0THaLGyATZHzaFMrWdIbPcLdduuItTe6AmT/m33 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-JZ1yKn4lHbd05rOuRoUSoCM323D+X3s7vLYhESynzVpdWAFu5JNp6chDl5N9uc1c /es/languages/latex.js
sha384-dDJ50ltJ9VlfSOzSORI0KSNPcRIpLy1J0BmtdQGXBEY+7f57DAx754HVffzmWqC2 /es/languages/latex.min.js
sha384-bWwkdmOCj83zZ8/m+oPD9goRMhrPCb25ZA6aTyg7vcsq9IpuyED38kQSw1Na4UTZ /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-SqGSUq0DMQ0OUQnQnTuVDCJyhANd/MFNj+0PF67S+VXgHpR8A4tPsf/3GoSFRmrx /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-+5oyk7Ed3OlvEWGj8xracq/6e52BScKUN4kxcreNwB7kfRTVsAMs/aAJM58dzIFN /es/languages/python.js
sha384-ND/UH2UkaeWiej5v/oJspfKDz9BGUaVpoDcz4cof0jaiv/mCigjvy7RQ7e+3S6bg /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-b7RNekoKfPEHuEAslucdz33P3rbIxw/rrTWwgo0SI/vfsWF9PwUCHjHSOKgv44nw /es/languages/verilog.js
sha384-6V6Uo2UWsH6I18erq91BIHdtSPcnACqWo809ivdHuVgXpqWAL/C82DCCnPijsTtD /es/languages/verilog.min.js
sha384-HlhpY5AyV3+ZLUyBXylI7WMRR1ylbU4A9XN9byO7+6moSk1Bf4vk301gCNLaDpeF /es/languages/vhdl.js
sha384-3BuLJ1KBGCbYiSNyOuKZqvmJTYVibt7rw/vg5wX6QnRIJEV0s2fQt7nYSvueb6FH /es/languages/vhdl.min.js
sha384-VZxKf0mjKYDwZIgrW+InqDfJ0YwYUFEMw/4YmpV1oKtVXFVmVq/Ga1vgq6zKTUqS /languages/c.js
sha384-mWenE7UXKnmYRcJ3mh+Os3iZ43BmFf9x3AZMM6gi/2sT6vxouPWspbTdREwWDO3w /languages/c.min.js
sha384-J4Ge+xXjXgzbK2FP+OyzIGHLfKU/RR0+cH4JJCaczeLETtVIvJdvqfikWlDuQ66e /languages/cpp.js
sha384-LMyrRAiUz6we2SGvYrwDd4TJoJZ+m/5c+4n4E64KVkfWFcZdlrs4Wabr0crMesyy /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-pYIeBYeCE96U9EkPcT4uJjNWyrB1BKB41JIadYJbvmGa5KacaoXtSQOUpBfeyWQX /languages/java.js
sha384-uUg+ux8epe42611RSvEkMX2gvEkMdw+l6xG5Z/aQriABp38RLyF9MjDZtlTlMuQY /languages/java.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-0DF4M/uGwA0TYtI4/4/Nxlz/Z6TObHvf/Uhz39xsvP8TkITbNVOVhbxyOXgyUn2V /languages/latex.js
sha384-0ZgcpgIDZoDPMdyG1FHnl/MByMKt+W52UltboQpuA52+f4pniKOMFXfIfe4K4Byc /languages/latex.min.js
sha384-U+zIQPoVdPCO0o4poik2hYNbHtNm+L5OojDTulgIeEZTNz+LooLAm72d66mNjwKD /languages/markdown.js
sha384-mCUujHHbWJEjcupTTfWOk9YR3YCYNHaA578+TTXUd4LPi7fGNuMQbysbl1pmcIGd /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-zdZio5RcGiKQJCpe/1IXujPle3bIY8sbmvCabSU5G5GzWAzZtoRZfg9QAQXCL08q /languages/python.js
sha384-IP4vv4Aoh9Lyg8QyzVkAmn2JGoDCpgVHzVSrD3Z+rVyn7+s4wx4pRjv+go3TEwfj /languages/python.min.js
sha384-ZeD/1/ALN+ir50MdKyTkNJRj/+1/I49xrL9u9lcAYQPynP/niEagNTJ/3ulDBbS9 /languages/verilog.js
sha384-9xU7pqpsXCcKkzy15LLkblwvB0dkTn7qzmdcZ/X+gjiHaPsqdlAXM3faWbekiSGC /languages/verilog.min.js
sha384-SblotQC4giaAHKnd8bjOjxIvo+hYkYBpC6nl3vUFyuiPGBh5OBF8kVWaKr+lKGOq /languages/vhdl.js
sha384-eyRqKxDP84fgtH6HUtm9/CDSUuw5UTFOBA8lTuZUUDougLHHjOswaCbiWH8ODnRV /languages/vhdl.min.js
sha384-ERdnC8UyBRZwkhu1HxQkf9UHFNAiaIdgJcXZY5balP72He7sl+eoFeKphR2AhJ61 /highlight.js
sha384-iHvDbALywxgMueeMYRo6hXiuoZhqt6lWWwE0Sw2VgIqGK2YYjwsz4cpsGCZuUzeX /highlight.min.js
```

